Add contributing guidelines & PR template (#316)
rust-gamedev/rust-gamedev.github.io: CONTRIBUTING.md

  (prefer jpeg to png for complex screenshots, etc).

  All images should have a short but meaningful and descriptive alt text
  (more info about alt text [here](https://moz.com/learn/seo/alt-text)
  and [here](https://webaim.org/techniques/alttext/)).

  Image files should be placed in the same folder as the post
  and be named using "\-" to split the words, not "\_".

- Markdown doesn't natively support videos,
  so the usual workaround is to include a clickable screenshot of the video:
  [example 1](https://rust-gamedev.github.io/posts/newsletter-012/#ochre-4k-intro),
  [example 2](https://rust-gamedev.github.io/posts/newsletter-012/#rust-n-games-talk).

- Contributions should be written clearly and simply so that
  they are accessible to readers for whom English is not their first language.

- Keep in mind that more than half of readers consume the newsletter
  using mobile devices.
  So try to avoid things that doesn't work well with small screens:
  nested lists, long titles, images with important small details,
  code blocks with long lines, etc.

- Don't use fourth-level headers.
  Divide a section into subsections using a `------` line if needed.

> - Avoid using blold, italic, etc rich formatting if possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Avoid using bold, italic, etc rich formatting if possible.
```

    aaaaa aaaaa aa aaaaaaaaa, aaaaaaa.
  - Aaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaaaaaa aaa aaaaaaa aaaaa.
    - Aaaaaaaaaaaaaa aaaaaaa aaaaaaaa AaaAA aaaa aaa aaa'a
      aaaa aaaaa aaaaa `aaa_aaaaa` aaaa, aaaa `aaaa_aaaaa_aaa`,
      aaaaa.
    - Aaaaaaa aaaaa aaaaaa (aaaaaaa aaaaaaa).
  ```

- Try to strip unneeded parts of URLs.
  For example, remove `www.`, `old.`, and description parts of Reddit links:

  - `https://old.reddit.com/r/rust/comments/i7bcwu/introducing_bevy_a_refreshingly_simple_datadriven`
  - `https://reddit.com/r/rust/comments/i7bcwu/introducing_bevy`

- Use a consistent list item termination
  (don't mix items ending with ";", ",", ".", etc).

[markdownlint]: https://github.com/DavidAnson/markdownlint
[vscode-lint]: https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavidAnson.vscode-markdownlint
[sublime-lint]: https://packagecontrol.io/packages/SublimeLinter-contrib-markdownlint
[vim-lint]: https://github.com/fannheyward/coc-markdownlint
[softbreak]: https://spec.commonmark.org/0.29/#soft-line-breaks
[md-reflinks]: https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/#reference-style-links

Ping the coordinators in the current coordination issue

> or WG's Discord channel if there're any questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
or WG's Discord channel if there are any questions.
```
